Feature/block4 Prepare package/image repo (#26)
devonfw/hangar: documentation/container-repository-appendix.asciidoc

= Appendix - Container Registry

> This section contains the additional content about Container Registry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains additional content about container registries, container repositories and managing container images. 
```

* https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/overview[GCR] is a private registry service from Google Cloud.
* Google Cloud CLI commands start with "gcr" which is shown below for login
* Docker commands can be used for pulling, tagging and pushing container images as shown below

[source,shell]
----
   gcloud auth print-access-token | docker login -u oauth2accesstoken --password-stdin https://HOSTNAME
   
   docker pull gcr.io/google-samples/hello-app:1.0
   docker tag gcr.io/google-samples/hello-app:1.0 gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/quickstart-image:tag1
   docker push gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/quickstart-image:tag1
----

== GitHub Container Registry^[5]^
* https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry[GHCR] is a private registry service from GitHub.
* Docker commands can be used for logging into registry and for pulling, tagging, pushing container images as shown below

[source,shell]
----
   docker login ghcr.io -u USERNAME --password-stdin
   
   docker pull ghcr.io/OWNER/IMAGE_NAME:1.14.1
   docker tag ghcr.io/OWNER/IMAGE_NAME:1.14.1 ghcr.io/OWNER/IMAGE_NAME:tag1
   docker push ghcr.io/OWNER/IMAGE_NAME:latest
----

> == References

Reviewer 2: Please use this format for these references also.
link:https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/[Docker Hub]

Author: Sorry Sandesh, we removed this file as per the current scope

* 1. ^Docker (https://docs.docker.com/registry/)

> * 2. ^StackOverflow (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34004076/)

Reviewer 2: Should be 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34004076/difference-between-docker-registry-and-repository[Difference between Docker registry and repository]

Author: Sorry Sandesh, we removed this file as per the current scope
